---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs

subcategory: "Application Segment"
layout: "zpa"
page_title: "ZPA: application_segment"
description: |-
  Gets a ZPA Application Segment details.
  
---
# zpa_application_segment

The **zpa_application_segment** resource creates an application segment in the Zscaler Private Access cloud. This resource can then be referenced in an access policy rule

## Example Usage

```hcl
# ZPA Application Segment resource
resource "zpa_application_segment" "example" {
    name = "example"
    description = "example"
    enabled = true
    health_reporting = "ON_ACCESS"
    bypass_type = "NEVER"
    is_cname_enabled = true
    tcp_port_ranges = ["8080", "8080"]
    domain_names = ["server.acme.com"]
    segment_group_id = data.zpa_segment_group.example.id
    server_groups {
        id = [ data.zpa_server_group.servergroup.id]
    }
}
```

```hcl
data "zpa_segment_group" "example" {
 name = "segment_group_name"
}
```

```hcl
# ZPA Server Group Data Source
data "zpa_server_group" "example" {
 name = "server_group_name"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* ` name` - (Required) Name. The name of the App Connector Group to be exported.

## Attribute Reference
### Required

- **name** (String) Name of the application.

### Optional

- **bypass_type** (String) Indicates whether users can bypass ZPA to access applications.
- **config_space** (String)
- **description** (String) Description of the application.
- **domain_names** (List of String) List of domains and IPs.
- **double_encrypt** (Boolean) Whether Double Encryption is enabled or disabled for the app.
- **enabled** (Boolean) Whether this application is enabled or not.
- **health_reporting** (String) Whether health reporting for the app is Continuous or On Access. Supported values: NONE, ON_ACCESS, CONTINUOUS.
- **icmp_access_type** (String)
- **ip_anchored** (Boolean)
- **is_cname_enabled** (Boolean) Indicates if the Zscaler Client Connector (formerly Zscaler App or Z App) receives CNAME DNS records from the connectors.
- **log_features** (String)
- **passive_health_enabled** (Boolean)
- **segment_group_id** (String)
- **segment_group_name** (String)
- **server_groups** (Block List) ID of the server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--server_groups))
- **tcp_port_ranges** (List of String) TCP port ranges used to access the app.
- **udp_port_ranges** (List of String) UDP port ranges used to access the app.

### Read-Only

- **creation_time** (String)
- **health_check_type** (String)
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **modified_time** (String)
- **modifiedby** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.


