---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "zpa_policy_timeout Resource - terraform-provider-zpa"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# zpa_policy_timeout (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) This is the name of the policy rule.

### Optional

- **action** (String) This is for providing the rule action.
- **action_id** (String) This field defines the description of the server.
- **app_connector_groups** (Block List) This field is a json array of app-connector-id only. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--app_connector_groups))
- **app_server_groups** (Block List) ID of the server group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--app_server_groups))
- **bypass_default_rule** (Boolean)
- **conditions** (Block List) This is for proviidng the set of conditions for the policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- **custom_msg** (String) This is for providing a customer message for the user.
- **description** (String) This is the description of the access policy rule.
- **operator** (String)
- **policy_set_id** (String)
- **policy_type** (String)
- **priority** (String)
- **reauth_default_rule** (Boolean)
- **reauth_idle_timeout** (String)
- **reauth_timeout** (String)
- **rule_order** (String)

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--app_connector_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_connector_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--app_server_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `app_server_groups`

Optional:

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.


<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- **negated** (Boolean)
- **operands** (Block List) This signifies the various policy criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--operands))
- **operator** (String)

Read-Only:

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--operands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.operands`

Optional:

- **idp_id** (String)
- **lhs** (String)
- **name** (String)
- **object_type** (String) This is for specifying the policy critiera.
- **rhs** (String) This denotes the value for the given object type. Its value depends upon the key.

Read-Only:

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.


